README.md, before:

Shanbay-Plugin
==============

A Chrome plugin for shanbay.com to recite English vocabulary.

##Backlog

| Backlog Item  | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Refactoring with Backbone and Mustache  | Ongoing  |
| Add help page  | Done  |
| Query word by spelling similar in input box  | Done  |
| List out pronounce similar words  | Done  |
| List out spelling similar words  | Done  |
| Query word by wildcard from input box  | Done  |
| Query word family  | Done  |
| Display word frequency  | Done  |
| Query synonym  | Done  |
| Query word by input box  | Done  |
| Reading selected text and send to plugin  | Done  |
| Forget word in shanbay  | Done  |
| Add new word to shanbay  | Done  |
| Query from shanbay  | Done  |
| Chrome Extension framework  | Done  |

##Thanks
- jQuery http://jquery.com
- bootstrap http://getbootstrap.com
- Mousetrap https://github.com/ccampbell/mousetrap
- howler http://howlerjs.com
- levenshtein https://github.com/gf3/Levenshtein
- LCS http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence
- Phonetic Metaphone http://phpjs.org/functions/metaphone
- Double Metaphone https://github.com/NaturalNode/natural
- Metaphone 3 http://www.amorphics.com/buy_metaphone3.html
- English word list http://www.mieliestronk.com/wordlist.html
- Oxford Dictionary http://www.oxforddictionaries.com
- Google translate http://translate.google.com
- Word family http://www.vocabulary.com

Commit message:

Disable or enable selection while changing tabs

README.md, after:

Shanbay-Plugin
==============

A Chrome plugin for shanbay.com to recite English vocabulary.

##Backlog

| Backlog Item  | Status |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Refactoring with Backbone and Mustache  | Ongoing  |
| Forward and backward navigation  | Ongoing  |
| Disable or enable selection while changing tabs  | Done  |
| Add help page  | Done  |
| Query word by spelling similar in input box  | Done  |
| List out pronounce similar words  | Done  |
| List out spelling similar words  | Done  |
| Query word by wildcard from input box  | Done  |
| Query word family  | Done  |
| Display word frequency  | Done  |
| Query synonym  | Done  |
| Query word by input box  | Done  |
| Reading selected text and send to plugin  | Done  |
| Forget word in shanbay  | Done  |
| Add new word to shanbay  | Done  |
| Query from shanbay  | Done  |
| Chrome Extension framework  | Done  |

##Thanks
- jQuery http://jquery.com
- bootstrap http://getbootstrap.com
- Mousetrap https://github.com/ccampbell/mousetrap
- howler http://howlerjs.com
- levenshtein https://github.com/gf3/Levenshtein
- LCS http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence
- Phonetic Metaphone http://phpjs.org/functions/metaphone
- Double Metaphone https://github.com/NaturalNode/natural
- Metaphone 3 http://www.amorphics.com/buy_metaphone3.html
- English word list http://www.mieliestronk.com/wordlist.html
- Oxford Dictionary http://www.oxforddictionaries.com
- Google translate http://translate.google.com
- Word family http://www.vocabulary.com
